I lost everything I was on the balls of
my ass scrambling I had a dream
go just hand out it yet you know it's
still out there
so let's prove you got a strike cameo
Mike we got a goal you believe you're
sitting on the largest gold find of the
day we're talking over 30 billion
dollars like talking Kenny was you know
this son of this year he controls more
gold money but on the goddamn planet
possibly exception now mr. Luce this is
an app engine this is how it happens
yeah we can help you get off the side of
that mountain if I can land this plane
just be open to strategic alliances you
Brian
the gold is mine I found it these people
are using
and we'll bury you with these hands he's
[Music]
not a very powerful people of are you
angry these people are killers
the only question is how did 17 billion
disappear overnight
no bows no dear
[Laughter]